c:\users\emmanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MegaCasting\MegaCasting.WPF\bin\Debug\MegaCasting.WPF.exe.config
c:\users\emmanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MegaCasting\MegaCasting.WPF\bin\Debug\MegaCasting.WPF.exe
c:\users\emmanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MegaCasting\MegaCasting.WPF\bin\Debug\MegaCasting.WPF.pdb
c:\users\emmanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MegaCasting\MegaCasting.WPF\obj\Debug\MegaCasting.WPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\emmanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MegaCasting\MegaCasting.WPF\obj\Debug\TabAnnonceurs.baml
c:\users\emmanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MegaCasting\MegaCasting.WPF\obj\Debug\TabArtistes.baml
c:\users\emmanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MegaCasting\MegaCasting.WPF\obj\Debug\TabOffres.baml
c:\users\emmanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MegaCasting\MegaCasting.WPF\obj\Debug\TabPartenaires.baml
c:\users\emmanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MegaCasting\MegaCasting.WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\emmanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MegaCasting\MegaCasting.WPF\obj\Debug\TabAnnonceurs.g.cs
c:\users\emmanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MegaCasting\MegaCasting.WPF\obj\Debug\TabArtistes.g.cs
c:\users\emmanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MegaCasting\MegaCasting.WPF\obj\Debug\TabOffres.g.cs
c:\users\emmanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MegaCasting\MegaCasting.WPF\obj\Debug\TabPartenaires.g.cs
c:\users\emmanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MegaCasting\MegaCasting.WPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\emmanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MegaCasting\MegaCasting.WPF\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\emmanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MegaCasting\MegaCasting.WPF\obj\Debug\MegaCasting.WPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\emmanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MegaCasting\MegaCasting.WPF\obj\Debug\MegaCasting.WPF_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\emmanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MegaCasting\MegaCasting.WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\emmanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MegaCasting\MegaCasting.WPF\obj\Debug\MegaCasting.WPF.g.resources
c:\users\emmanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MegaCasting\MegaCasting.WPF\obj\Debug\MegaCasting.WPF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\emmanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MegaCasting\MegaCasting.WPF\obj\Debug\MegaCasting.WPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\emmanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MegaCasting\MegaCasting.WPF\obj\Debug\MegaCasting.WPF.exe
c:\users\emmanuel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MegaCasting\MegaCasting.WPF\obj\Debug\MegaCasting.WPF.pdb
